Hello, Michalina!

Thank you so much for the quick and positive response! This email may turn out rather long, so I recommend that you brew a pot of coffee and/or tea (whichever of your choice), though I'll try to get to the point.

First, the short version:
Timeline: sometime around the summer
Background: I'm writing a fully-developed Sci-Fi universe, and this is just one part.
Story-specific: Three street musicians, a robot who plays violin/viola, her human boyfriend who plays Hang, and his brother who plays Hurdy Gurdy
Project: 3 original compositions, 6 accompaniments, and 2 covers for the soundtrack of the audiobook version of a Sci-Fi novel, hopefully to also eventually be adapted as a 3d-animated movie. The original compositions and accompaniments are anywhere from 3 - 6 minutes in length each. The two covers are around 7 - 12 minutes each.

Now the long version, which will be, well, long.

So, first, the timeline. These days, I'm putting together the story notes. That being, charts, point-form lists, maps, etc, for the characters, their respective character arcs, motivations, backgrounds, and such, the plot architecture, scene structure, etc. I'm aiming to have that all finished by this upcoming December 16th. Reason why I'm setting specific deadlines for myself is because I normally work as a Construction Safety Officer (CSO) here in Canada. My Occupational First Aid (OFA) Level 2 is currently expired, and from December 11th - 23rd, I'll be doing a recertification course to get my OFA Level 3. The first week, I can divide my attention between class during the day and writing at night. The second week, I'll need to give my full attention to the First Aid course because I don't have previous experience with the Level-3 stuff. Then, from essentially Christmas up until around maybe, let's say, 2nd half of March, maybe 1st half of April, nothing happens in the Construction industry. That is the quiet time of the year when there's no work. If I lived someplace like, oh, say, Arizona, I'd just go ride my bike in the sunshine. However, this is Canada we're talking about. It's kinda like Suwalki, but, a whole country. So, if I'm going to be spending those 3½ months inside avoiding the cold anyway, I might as well get my first book fully written and done. So, I'm aiming to have the book written, finished, and self-published via a combination of IngramSpark and Draft-2-Digital (for the ink-on-paper and pixels-on-screen versions, respectively) by April 15th.

After the text version of the book is published, assuming my calculations are accurate, provided I make a profit of $5 per book copy sale (whether that's ink-on-paper or pixels-on-screen), I would need to sell at least 11,000 copies of the print/digital book in order to pay for the music production for the audiobook + movie, and that's just the music production alone; not even counting voice acting, foley sound, concept art, 3d animation, etc etc. Part of the bright side of this is that I'd be able to re-use the same audio files from the audiobook in the movie, so once time comes to get to work on the 3d-animated adaptation, the music is already finished and taken care of. Also, once the audiobook version is finished, I'd be looking to sell the soundtrack as its own OST album on various platforms such as Bandcamp, Spotify, etc etc etc, so we'd need to figure out how to factor that in to the cost of collaboration. 

So far as the background, I'm writing a fully-developed Sci-Fi universe. It's a post-war New Earth populated by robots and the humans who love them. The day of divergence from our own timeline is Sept. 26th, 2083. Reason I picked that date is because it's the 100th anniversary of Sept. 26th, 1983, which was the day the world was saved by a Russian scientist by the name of Stanislav Petrov. During the Cold War, tensions were high, as everyone knows. On that day, there was a glitch in the system that multiple higher-ups panicked over. Stanislav Petrov was on shift, and correctly identified the glitch as exactly that, recognizing it as a mistake. High-alert was cancelled, and the world was very likely saved from total nuclear annihilation. The divergence point of the universe I'm writing is based on the idea of, what if a mistake happens again, and nobody's around to recognize it as such? So, in my universe, the setting is Uganda, a country with split occupations and split loyalties between the USA and China. Tensions are already extremely high between the two countries. An electrical power plant in Uganda explodes do to an unrelated attack by an anarchist terrorist cell. Nobody's left alive to recount what happened. The USA and China each operate on the assumption that the other country has attacked their interests. War ensues. Nuclear armageddon wipes out many of the world's Capitol cities. Countries change shape. Lines get redrawn. The world continues. It's not quite like Fallout (even though I'm a HUGE Fallout fan). Technology still exists. Cultures persist. People just pay their taxes to somebody else now. America and Canada have both broken up into smaller countries, one of which is the New Republic of Cascadia, abbreviated to simply "Cascadia", and then later on, a few generations afterwards, The People's Democratic Republic of Cascadia. Cascadia contains what we currently know as California, Baja Mexico, western Oregon, western Washington, and British Columbia. If you're curious, I can send you a picture of my redrawn map of post-war New North America (complete with flags), if you'd like. So far as why there are robots everywhere, that started in Hawaii (just before the war), which is actually a Sci-Fi retelling of The Epic of Gilgamesh that I'm writing. That's a separate story/movie altogether, so if you're really, really curious, I can tell you about that another time in a different email. 

So far as specifically this story, it's a rag-tag band of three street musicians, taking place in the summer of 2169 (200 years following Woodstock). There's Valerie Benson, a robot who plays violin/viola, Craig Benson, Valerie's human boyfriend who plays Hang, and Martin Benson, Craig's older brother who plays Hurdy Gurdy. Craig and Martin are, within their family, the third generation in to the Cascadia Republic. Their father, Alan Benson, was the head of a construction company who personally contributed towards rebuilding California after the war. The company later got bought out. After his wife and the boys' mother, Sandra Benson, had been cheating on him for years, he made sure to leave 100% of the inheritance to his sons and then killed himself to make sure that his wife couldn't take anything from him or his boys. All of this happened before the story starts. The story here begins with Craig, Martin, and Valerie, all struggling as musicians, though they have somewhat of a safety net as they live in the home that their father Alan left to them. Soon into the story, they receive notice that there's a real-estate land developer who's buying up the entire several blocks of land to develop it into a commercial + industrial zone, so all the residential units (including theirs, among othes) are being foreclosed. They must now figure out a way to either A.) keep the house they live in, or B.) find a new place to live. Over the course of their adventure, they discover new music, learn valuable lessons, and become stronger as not just three musicians, but as a genuine team, and through the power of love, family, and courage, they overcome the odds and carve out a home for themselves.

In terms of who they are, I'm basing a lot of my character-development techniques and mechanics on the Enneagram:
https://www.amazon.com/dp/0553378201/
https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/type-descriptions/

Craig Benson is an Enneagram Type 4 Wing 5: "The Bohemian". He plays Hang and other various percussion instruments. He's into cultural things, beautiful things, etc. In the context of the story, one of his personal hobbies (though expensive) among others, is collecting pre-war vinyl records. If it's pre-war, and especially rare, he tries to make sure to get a hold of it. His most prized possession is an actual, original vinyl copy of "Jimi Hendrix: Live at Woodstock". He would never consider Valerie his "most prized possession" even though she's a robot because she's not "his robot", but rather, his girlfriend; his life-partner. So she's not a "possession", but rather, his "better half".

Craig's older brother, Martin Benson, is an Enneagram Type 3 Wing 4: "The Professional". He plays Hurdy Gurdy and dabbles in other forms of strings, such as Nyckelharpa and others. This is a man who knows scales, chords, arpeggios, rhythmic patterns, time signatures, keys, harmony, etc etc etc, fucking inside and out. He keeps his hair and beard very neatly maintained, his clothing always laundered, ironed, and properly-kept, and his environment in order. He never "thinks out loud", but rather, takes the time to deliberate his thoughts and speaks with conviction. He expects a high degree of professionalism from himself and from others. 

Valerie is an Enneagram Type 7 Wing 6: "The Entertainer". She plays Violin, Viola, and sometimes Hardanger. She's a happy, jolly, fun-loving soul (to the extent that a robot can have a "soul") who's bright-spirited and just bursting from the seams with love, affection, and a positive, can-do attitude. She is also... honest. Very,.. very honest. To the point that it can be painful to hear if you don't have tough skin. She'll tell you the truth no matter how much it hurts. She's constantly involving herself in new experiences and finds a home in the random and unpredictable. She loves random things and enjoys anything that's new and exciting.

For their respective character flaws,

> Valerie: flits around from one topic to another so often that she never actually gets consistently good at any of them
> Craig: identifies so much with his feelings that he doesn't have a solid sense of discipline
> Martin: relies so heavily on structure and what's "correct" that he's become "radio-friendly" and has lost his sense of spontaneity and free-form improvisation.  

So, over the course of their various respective character arcs, Valerie teaches Martin the importance of random unpredictability, Martin teaches Craig the importance of consistent routines, and Craig teaches Valerie the value of focusing on one thing. 

And now, for the actual project. I'm looking for three core musicians for 9 original-composition tracks, and a handful of additional musicians for 2 additional tracks. For the 9 original tracks, each core musicians would write three original songs (and therefore, his/her part would be the "lead instrument" for those three tracks) and accompany the lead parts in the other six. This way, each musician has an equal amount of time to shine in the spotlight. They'll be staggered as well. So, it's not like the first three songs on the album and/or in the audiobook/movie will be a violin lead, then the next three tracks will be a Hurdy Gurdy lead, etc. Rather, let's say, the 1st song might be a violin lead, the 2nd song might be a Hang lead, the 3rd a Hurdy Gurdy lead, then the 4 is also a Hurdy Gurdy lead, the 5 is a Hang lead, etc etc etc. Everybody gets not only just equal time, but also about equal attention from start to finish. Then the last two tracks are covers, specifically of these two songs: 

Garmarna - Vittrad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rZI5Vsi6sM

Garmarna - Klevabergselden
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cclByb-oHHk

In the book/audiobook/movie, these two are in the context of a concert near the end of the story, that takes place in an actual concert venue with an audience. These are the two that I'll also be hiring additional musicians to do electronic beats, Tesla Coils, drumset, and bass guitar. During this concert, Valerie is able to explore all the wonderful possibilities of limiting herself to one key and one or two scales and modes, Craig really nails down giving himself a consistent routine, and Martin finds the joy and beauty in free-form improvisation that, counter-intuitively, comes from keeping to a strict set of base-level rules.

So, that's basically the rundown as short as I could make it while still explaining everything. If you have any questions, I'll be quite happy to answer them. I'm really, really looking forward to collaborating.
