		Valerie Benson

Enneagram Type 7 Wing 6: "The Entertainer"
Subvariant: Social :: Missing out : Tends to scatter her energy and resources; to half-commit. Makes sure her calendar is full, but also "pencils-in" backup plans.
+5: focused, fascinated by life
-1: perfectionistic, critical

Core Desire: To be happy
Core Fear: That she will be trapped in pain and deprivation of some sort
Core Weakness: Gluttony
Wounding Message: It's not okay to depend on anyone for anything

Hornevian Triadic Variant: Demands security

Inciting Event: Anticipating what she's going to do next // Feeling that something better is available somewhere else

Jumpstart to personal transformation: 

Wake-up call: "the grass is always greener"

End-of-Arc Redemption: Find the joy of the ordinary. She likes things to be extraordinary, fabulous, exciting, and stimulating. Cleaning your room or eating an orange can be a totally fulfilling experience if you are in it one-hundred percent.

Harmonic Trait: Avoids seeing her own pain and emptiness, or her role in creating suffering for herself and for others

Character Flaw/Weakness: Tends to cram too much content into too little space

Psychological Need: Find joy in the ordinary; focus on one thing

Moral Need: Respect other people's time (i.e., not cramming too much into other people's schedules); learn to be sensitive to the needs of others while still enjoying the pleasures of life

Broken Compass: Never allow yourself to be bored.

Chance to change: 

Problem:
// INITIAL: Is bursting with so much energy that she can't sit still

// LATER: After electrocuting herself, she's afraid to be adventurous


Goal: 
// INITIAL: To travel widely and learn everything so she's never bored

// LATER: to find a way to bring the fun and excitement to her


Unique quirk and/or style: (T.B.D.)
> one wall in her & Craig's bedroom is covered in lava lamps as a random number-generator
> exotic 2nd-hand clothing
> she keeps money in multiple currencies (Cascadian/Midwest/Colorado dollars, Sonoran pesos) as a way to stay hopeful about travelling, even knowing that she can't

High-proficiency skillset: being a very fast learner of music (scales, arpeggios, harmony, melody, time signatures, etc)

Hobbies: (T.B.D.) // something where, every time you do the same thing, you get different results
	// playing Captcha
	// using playing cards to determine what she's going to do
		// ("You do some divination shit?" --> "Don't be silly!")
	// uses the lava lamps on her wall to decide things, what to explore, etc
	// likes to go shopping at 2nd-hand stores for exotic clothing

Passions: Novelty; exploration

Resourcefulness: Can always find a way to do something new.

Bit of a Rebel: (T.B.D.)

Bit of Gutsiness: Striking out on things on her own because she won't allow herself to depend on anything for anybody

Living Philosophy: (T.B.D.)

Self-contradiction: 
> When she's focusing on one thing (i.e., heating up Craig)

Unpredictability: (T.B.D.)

Rooting Resume: she's a loving person

Character Archetype: (T.B.D.)

Metamorphosis: (T.B.D.)

Fake Ally: the record exec

Multi-point Opposition: (ibid.), the real-estate tycoon

Plan: Bring the record-contract offer home and try to go on tour with Craig and Martin

Battle: Play a show and try to get famous

Self-Revelation: She actually can be satisfied with ordinary things if she slows herself down and sees the extraordinary in them.

New equilibrium: Having calmed her mind, she can be free exploring all the possibilities within some particular at-the-time set of parameters

Sign of transformation: Learns to focus on one thing by caring for a bonsai tree

General Notes:
> as a demonstration of her randomness,
	> one random thing during Setup
	> one random thing during Debate
	> three random things during RoT
	> two random thing during BGCI
	> maybe possibly one controlled semi-random thing during Act 3 in the time leading up to the concert
